_lessons/00_intro/00_intro.md, before:

# Introduction

The following course is comprised of 22 learning sessions designed to be delivered as day long workshops or followed as independent self lead learning. The course covers many aspects of web design and development and on completion you should have a good understanding of content management, version control, project planning, QA and testing as well as front and back end coding skills and the ability to use the command line. 

## Prerequisites

It is expected that you have completed the Open Drupal foundation course or the Drupal Apprenticeship Bootcamp before starting this course. If you have not please complete or review that course content before starting.

### Blog site

A blog site built in Drupal, although not strictly required if you are following the self lead learning, is very useful as a tool to record your learning as you progress, confirm your understanding of concepts and issues, and as a resource for yourself to look back on.

### Project site

Throughout this course you will develop a project site, Where appropriate you will use this project to demonstrate the skills and concepts you are learning. The project site can be anything of your choosing but needs to include the following:

* It must be built on Drupal 8

* It should be focused around content you'll add yourself, and have a section listing this content in some way.

* It should accept and process user input in some way.

* It should be something realistic and suitable for Drupal.

* The project must be started from scratch, so no distributions or existing websites you've built.

#### Example Projects

* __Healthy Food__ - Recipe submission and sharing with multi user blog

* __Unsigned London__ - Unsigned music acts, venu and gig listings in London

* __Scout Group__ - Public info, sign up, newsletter and secure areas to access restricted content based on role

* __Fact of the Day__ - Daily facts delivered to subscribers across various channels, includes placement ads and takeover options

* __Gym__ - Info on classes, tailored programmes, sign up, multi user fitness blog

## For apprenticeship candidates:

Your project and blog sites are used as evidence of your completion of course checkpoints and requirements. All candidates must submit a completed project and blog at the end of the year for assessment by the Tech Partnership.

The blog and project sites will show your understanding and abilities. They are also crucial to demonstrate skills required by the course that may be difficult to show completion or ownership of through your workplace learning. For example the planning of a project or setting acceptance criteria for QA.

Commit message:

add google drive folder as pre req

_lessons/00_intro/00_intro.md, after:

# Introduction

The following course is comprised of 22 learning sessions designed to be delivered as day long workshops or followed as independent self lead learning. The course covers many aspects of web design and development and on completion you should have a good understanding of content management, version control, project planning, QA and testing as well as front and back end coding skills and the ability to use the command line. 

## Prerequisites

It is expected that you have completed the Open Drupal foundation course or the Drupal Apprenticeship Bootcamp before starting this course. If you have not please complete or review that course content before starting.

### Blog site

A blog site built in Drupal, although not strictly required if you are following the self lead learning, is very useful as a tool to record your learning as you progress, confirm your understanding of concepts and issues, and as a resource for yourself to look back on.

### Google Drive
You'll need a google drive account or somewhere similar to create, store and share documents, spreadsheets and presentations.

## Project site

Throughout this course you will develop a project site, Where appropriate you will use this project to demonstrate the skills and concepts you are learning. The project site can be anything of your choosing but needs to include the following:

* It must be built on Drupal 8

* It should be focused around content you'll add yourself, and have a section listing this content in some way.

* It should accept and process user input in some way.

* It should be something realistic and suitable for Drupal.

* The project must be started from scratch, so no distributions or existing websites you've built.

#### Example Projects

* __Healthy Food__ - Recipe submission and sharing with multi user blog

* __Unsigned London__ - Unsigned music acts, venu and gig listings in London

* __Scout Group__ - Public info, sign up, newsletter and secure areas to access restricted content based on role

* __Fact of the Day__ - Daily facts delivered to subscribers across various channels, includes placement ads and takeover options

* __Gym__ - Info on classes, tailored programmes, sign up, multi user fitness blog

## For apprenticeship candidates:

Your project and blog sites are used as evidence of your completion of course checkpoints and requirements. All candidates must submit a completed project and blog at the end of the year for assessment by the Tech Partnership.

The blog and project sites will show your understanding and abilities. They are also crucial to demonstrate skills required by the course that may be difficult to show completion or ownership of through your workplace learning. For example the planning of a project or setting acceptance criteria for QA.
